Add supported mdcb version on tyk cloud (#3148)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-cloud/tyk-cloud-mdcb-supported-versions.md

---
title: Tyk Cloud MDCB Supported versions
description: "Tyk Cloud MDCB Supported versions"
weight: 2
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Tyk Cloud"
---

## Introduction

> This page list down the supported MDCB version for hybrid setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists the supported MDCB version for hybrid setup
```

| v5.0.4    | v5.0.4  | v2.2.0 |
| v5.0.3    | v5.0.3  | v2.2.0 |
| v5.0.0    | v5.0.0  | v2.1.1 |
| v4.3.3    | v4.3.3  | v2.1.0 |
| v4.3.2    | v4.3.2  | v2.0.4 |
| v4.3.1    | v4.3.1  | v2.0.4 |
| v4.3.0    | v4.3.0  | v2.0.4 |
| v4.2.4    | v4.2.4  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.2.3    | v4.2.3  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.2.2    | v4.2.2  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.2.1    | v4.2.1  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.2.0    | v4.2.0  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.1.0    | v4.1.0  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.0.10   | v4.0.10 | v2.0.4 |
| v4.0.9    | v4.0.9  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.0.8    | v4.0.8  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.0.7    | v4.0.7  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.0.6    | v4.0.6  | v2.0.3 |
| v4.0.5    | v4.0.5  | v1.8.2 |
| v4.0.4    | v4.0.4  | v1.8.2 |
| v4.0.3    | v4.0.3  | v1.8.2 |
| v4.0.2    | v4.0.2  | v1.8.2 |
| v4.0.0    | v4.0.0  | v1.8.1 |
| v3.2.3    | v3.2.3  | v1.8.1 |
| v3.2.2    | v3.2.2  | v1.8.0 |
| v3.2.1    | v3.2.1  | v1.8.0 |
| v3.1.2    | v3.1.2  | v1.7.7 |
| v3.1.1    | v3.1.1  | v1.7.7 |
| v3.0.9    | v3.0.9  | v1.7.11 |
| v3.0.7    | v3.0.7  | v1.7.11 |
| v3.0.6    | v3.0.6  | v1.7.7 |
| v3.0.4    | v3.0.4  | v1.7.7 |
| v3.0.3    | v3.0.3  | v1.7.7 |
| v3.0.2    | v3.0.2  | v1.7.7 |
| v3.1.0    | v3.1.0  | v1.7.5 |
| v3.0.1    | v3.0.1  | v1.7.5 |

> | v3.0.0    | v3.0.0  | v1.7.5-ara |

Reviewer 2: @ashaparulkar any ide why is required `v1.7.5-ara` and not `v1.7.5`? what does this special tag contains?

Author: @sredxny , I just copied the supported mdcb versions from https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-cloud-release-bundles/blob/main/prod/latest/home.json , do you want me modify it in this PR from v1.7.5-ara to v1.7.5.

Reviewer 3: You can look up the versions available on the Cloud here: https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-cloud-release-bundles/blob/main/prod/latest/home.json. All the items in the `bundles` list that have `deprecated: false` are available.

Reviewer 3: ```
❯ cat prod/latest/home.json | jq '.bundles[]|select(.deprecated==false)|.components'
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.2.0",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.2.0",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.4.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.13"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.1.2",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.1.2",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.3.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.13"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.1.1",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.1.1",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.3.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.13"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.1.0",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.1.0",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.3.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.0.5",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.0.5",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.2.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.13"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.0.4",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.0.4",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.2.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.12"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.0.3",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.0.3",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.2.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.0.2",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.0.2",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.2.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.0.1",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.0.1",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.1.1",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v5.0.0",
  "GatewayVersion": "v5.0.0",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.1.1",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.3.3",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.3.3",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.1.0",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.3.2",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.3.2",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.4",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.3.1",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.3.1",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.4",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.3.0",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.3.0",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.4",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.2.4",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.2.4",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.3",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.2.3",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.2.2",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.3",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.0.10",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.0.10",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.4",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.0.9",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.0.9",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.3",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v4.0.8",
  "GatewayVersion": "v4.0.8",
  "MDCBVersion": "v2.0.3",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.2.7"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v3.2.3",
  "GatewayVersion": "v3.2.3",
  "MDCBVersion": "v1.8.1",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.0.15"
}
{
  "DashboardVersion": "v3.0.9",
  "GatewayVersion": "v3.0.9",
  "MDCBVersion": "v1.7.11",
  "MservVersion": "v0.9.9-beta.4",
  "RedisVersion": "6.0.15"
} 
```
